README.md, before:

## Talent Ocean

Exposing African Talents (Developers,Project Managers,QA, etc) to the global market.


## About

We aim to eliminate the long recruitment process and cut down recruitment time by 1000%. We are providing a platform where recruiters have easy, fast and efficient access to the best talents ranked to meet their needs. The platform works with talents to provide a system of ranking them based on talent details (including links to other sites related to talent's career e.g GitHub, dribble) provided and vetted through various means like talent to talent review, challenges to vet their skills, et.c.

## Why

We realized that recruiters spend a lot of valuable time to vet talents and ascertain their competencies. And that most talents are not sure what level they are skill-wise or the path to take to get to the next level. When do I know if I’m a mid-level developer? What steps can I take to level up?. We saw that talents do not earn up to their pairs with the same skill level in global markets. We saw talents do not grow their skills level actively.

## Usage
 How would someone use what you have built, include URLs to the deployed app, service e.t.c when you have it setup


## Authors

1. Olamigoke Olabampe (https://github.com/devgoks, https://www.linkedin.com/in/olamigoke-olabampe/, https://twitter.com/devgoks).

2. Shola Onibokun (https://github.com/Solaonibokun1,https://www.linkedin.com/in/sola-onibokun-535072160/)

## Acknowledgements
None

## LICENSE
MIT

Commit message:

added top use cases to our read me

README.md, after:

## Talent Ocean

Exposing African Talents (Developers,Project Managers,QA, etc) to the global market.


## About

We aim to eliminate the long recruitment process and cut down recruitment time by 1000%. We are providing a platform where recruiters have easy, fast and efficient access to the best talents ranked to meet their needs. The platform works with talents to provide a system of ranking them based on talent details (including links to other sites related to talent's career e.g GitHub, dribble) provided and vetted through various means like talent to talent review, challenges to vet their skills, et.c.

## Why

We realized that recruiters spend a lot of valuable time to vet talents and ascertain their competencies. And that most talents are not sure what level they are skill-wise or the path to take to get to the next level. When do I know if I’m a mid-level developer? What steps can I take to level up?. We saw that talents do not earn up to their pairs with the same skill level in global markets. We saw talents do not grow their skills level actively.

## Usage
 How would someone use what you have built, include URLs to the deployed app, service e.t.c when you have it setup


## Authors

1. Olamigoke Olabampe (https://github.com/devgoks, https://www.linkedin.com/in/olamigoke-olabampe/, https://twitter.com/devgoks).

2. Shola Onibokun (https://github.com/Solaonibokun1,https://www.linkedin.com/in/sola-onibokun-535072160/)

##Top Use Cases
1. A Recruiter can search and find the top ranking java developers in a location e.g Abuja with 2 years of working experience. And they get instant results of top vetted talents that match those criteria in seconds.
2. Talent can increase their income by building skills. This has an immediate effect with talent ocean as your ranking increases and you get more offers from recruiters.
3. Recruiters do not need to test or vet talents again, Talent ocean has done that already. This cuts down recruitment time by over 1000%.
4. Talents can check the leaderboard and know their rank among their pairs. This gives insights as to where they need to improve and increase their value.
5. The nature of talent ocean exploits competitive spirit among talents to grow the standard of the industry at large. This will make talent ocean an international fishing ground for top talents that recruiters need.

## Acknowledgements
None

## LICENSE
MIT
